♪ One, two,
one, two, three, four ♪
♪♪♪
♪♪♪ [whistling]
♪ Shed a tear
'cause I'm missin' you ♪
♪ I'm still all right
to smile ♪
♪ Girl, I think about you ♪
♪ Every day now ♪
♪ Was a time
when I wasn't sure ♪
♪ But you set my mind
at ease ♪
♪ There is no doubt
you're in my heart now ♪
♪ Said woman, "Take it slow" ♪
♪ "It'll work itself
out fine" ♪
♪ "All we need" ♪
♪ "Is just
a little patience" ♪
♪ Said sugar, "Make it slow" ♪
♪ "And we'll
come together fine" ♪
♪ "All we need" ♪
♪ "Is just
a little patience" ♪
Patience.
♪ Mm, yeah ♪
♪ I sit here on the stairs ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd rather be alone ♪
♪ If I can't have you
right now ♪
♪ I'll wait, dear ♪
♪ Sometimes I get so tense ♪
♪ But I can't
speed up the time ♪
♪ But you know, love, there's
one more thing to consider ♪
♪ Said woman, "Take it slow" ♪
♪ "Things will be just fine" ♪
♪ "You and I'll just use
a little patience" ♪
♪ Said sugar,
"Take the time" ♪
♪ "'Cause the lights
are shining bright" ♪
♪ "You and I've got
what it takes to make it" ♪
♪ We won't fake it ♪
♪ I'll never break it ♪
♪ 'Cause I can take it ♪
♪♪♪ [whistling]
♪ A little patience ♪
♪ Mm, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Mm, yeah ♪
♪ Need a little patience ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Just a little patience ♪
♪ Some more patience ♪
♪ I've been walking
the streets at night ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Just tryin'
to get it right ♪
♪ Some patience ♪
♪ It's hard to see
with so many around ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You know I don't like ♪
♪ Being stuck in the crowd ♪
♪ What you need
is some patience ♪
♪ And the streets
don't change ♪
♪ But maybe the names ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I ain't got time
for the game ♪
♪ Gotta have more patience ♪
♪ 'Cause I need you ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, but I need you ♪
♪ Oh, I need you ♪
♪ All it takes is patience ♪
♪ Whoa, I need you ♪
♪ Ooh, this time ♪